Good good little ancestor
I'll call you right now
Hello who?
Miss Ning, I am Mr. Bo's special Cangwu
I'm giving you this call
It's for Miss Boyushan
Schedule a time for treatment of aphasia
I think it's the day after tomorrow.
Miss Ning, I also know that this call is not good
But
But the little lady is on a hunger strike at home
How could he go on a hunger strike?
The little lady is clamoring to see you
I always say I won't make arrangements until the time is up
The little lady gets angry
Just go on a hunger strike
How long has he been on a hunger strike?
I haven't eaten a single grain of rice since last night
They hardly even drink water